what's wrong with my people what's wrong with my people
how are you all? I've been
following you for ages
the truth is that you're here helps me
spend money on you you're the best podcast
in history well your words are very nice
and very grateful I'm
wright and thank you very much welcome let's see
gentlemen today they sent me something
that has to be a gem okay you
know that the last few strings we've
been talking a little about the attitude
of the choca and de mano and
the same doubt has always arisen no khedira with you
know the one about all this
khedira christ saw thank you very much well it
turns out that here is our friend cookie that we
have to thank you very much
cookie for your contribution
one day my girlfriend told me if I would
accompany her to her mother's house and I would
send her the song el pueblo face
rolling with laughter in the end we
ended up lollipop well that way they have more
time to be here on the live shows
alto patriots every cloud has a silver lining
no thank you cookie for having
contributed this video that we are going to see
next okay and it turns out
that gonza vela has  pronounced it has been
pronounced oh if I put it like that you don't
see her of course we have to put it in
some way that we can see her she doesn't
know she has
made it complicated for me with sabela
next time with your face up
with your face up otherwise it doesn't suit
me to rational
like this it's perfect let's see a little more
here is the profile that we have next to it
two a sail okay well let's see what
you say what do you think González says do you
think she will agree with me this
time I think so undoubtedly no
undoubtedly with sabella she will agree with me
according to what she says listening to my
dog ​​snoring I
don't know if I have a dog or a bear I think so
man I'm not a bad thinker
Álvaro thank you very much welcome don't
be a bad thinker I'm
sure González will take it it's true what
Xavi Oliveira said he's gone too far here
my idol my god the crash has gone
a bit too far
what he's thinking or whatever
welcome it's true that lately
I think he pays a lot of attention to the haters
in the sense that obviously the
more the more he continues here yes he has  reason I
think he clashes since people
because it's not only here he is I
am not a criterion the critics on a solfeggio channel
I left iter I have nothing and yes it is
true that he clashes or saiz already did
these things no but I think he is
even more crazy since people are
telling him it seems that he does it
as more as worse
people are telling him for what he does more worth
repercussion you have animated that impression
so they mess with you it is like that the more the more
people it stings you that it goes well I will do it
many thanks the three but sometimes you
color point of view he pays
too much attention to them
because I see a lot that they mess with the
roll you are a you are a
freak you think that such that I do
not know what and it is like come on man I see
a lot that he messes with him I love it he
is already starting like this we will see a
little where the shots go I do not see it I
see a lot that they mess with him
telling him and I know that he will have been thinking about
what he says to him if he is the one that says
everything to others I do not always say I
hate false modesty it also seems
that he is a guy who  he has achieved a lot and we do
n't deny that he has blown it up,
yes, because for me he was a crack
before flying but that he has had
the visibility that he puts on him, thank you very much, what was
really missing was to become a
streamer of Variety and blow it up because
him and you told me
what happened in yesterday's live he suddenly left
because he had to edit some
words from the friend we had as
guests we have to cut some
things to avoid him having it
again
greetings churre send greetings to my
friend eduque please tell him to take a shower
I send him the greeting eduque a
big hug but as for taking a shower, the
phrase says you who know him equals you
how many people have achieved what the
show has achieved the chocas for
me they have been the socas mister let's see and
maybe some who don't know will get to
achieve as much as chocar did not beat
thank you very much let's see if it's true
that now from Marbella yesterday no
yes it's true that I have done these two
days he was talking a lot about Michel let's
see okay but in denied  yes it has been
heard there was no yes we have been
heard at all but as much as the chocas
correct me if I'm wrong what average of
spectators can the mystery have let's
see I don't know why what I also
but let's go that few have achieved as
much repercussion as the socas then
I understand that she has to have that like that she
says
before I saw him in 2000 after flying a
lot I hadn't heard of him but you
have to feel that little taste that I
get horny turning people on
Oliver thank you very much in your place
roll the people who tell him is that he's
already going bad he sees it as you are a big fan he
sees it as you are a big fan well last night is a
gentleman how did it go his day went for me
because he Javi didn't eat me he
simple the discouraged face discouraged face
discouraged face greetings from
Uruguay Uruguay
thank you very much Uruguay Uruguay well
well my day has been good a day
a quiet day today is more than anything
dedicated to the video for lollipop
last night we couldn't see the
survivor debate and well we have been
doing the  video and more than anything watching
the debate of survivors making the
video and two other little things,
the main channel summarized a video because it was
a video that I really liked
and the main channel summarizes it because I
deleted it for an error that was so long to
explain it turns out that nothing was
removed from the monetization and several
channels that talked about politics had their
monetization removed and as we
believed that the reason was that, well, as
my channel for three videos was
talking about politics and things like that about
political parties I say you don't talk balls I
removed them from the videos okay I was
able to recover them and he has re-uploaded them
to have them on the channel that's what with
sabella no no no he doesn't
put people in their place look
how you are a big fan of he doesn't put yoga he doesn't
put people in their place he insults them insulting it
is very easy to insult
everyone can do it it's fine from time to
time some insult in a funny way
an insult I enjoy it I always enjoy it
but you don't say it with grace in a
moment that is good you know but
insulting the type of insult he does
was to me
hello hello hello ivan  churra by mailing
of the cable and as soon as the
live ends I promise you that I will buy it today
Egypt the days final I bet and I do not
buy it I have for myself the cable a
hair dryer remind me when it ends man what does
the crash not to put in
its place nobody putting those places would be
good arguments you take out insults them that
anyone anyone enjoy that is
super easy you are not doing so well we are waiting for thank you
very much welcome I hope you
are family of José Luis Perales who
was a singer that my father liked a lot
I am one of the best in Spain damn he is in the
top he is in the top it
is that he has more number hello javi how are you
please can you react
to that traffic those who have many
members many subscribers does not make you the
best let's not confuse that we would all
talk where do you see the subject of the
live loud and lies the visit to the numbers
the subscribers that does not mean that
you are better does not mean that you are
bad or that it is but bad either
because obviously it will not be that bad
when you do it no but it also does not
mean that it is one of the best there may be
a streamer that  it's better that it has
n't hit it big yet because it hasn't
had the showcase that he's had, we
think and he still doesn't know, you know, he's
with 500 viewers,
so the best is much better,
good afternoon Javi, I'm arriving and now
that he did the socas, not the crash,
commenting a little on the usual,
thanks Ricardo, thank you very much 5
well now the best is a little further
down, let's see what a pain it would be to
have 10,000 subscribers, crazy
but thank you very much for cable, okay
for Carlos, a map, the new cable, the
cable has, I'm not buying it anymore
because I don't want to, it's already tacky, it's already
tacky, not buying
a cable,
I know why you watch me or why it will be
subscribed at a level and Martin,
thank you very much, welcome, go ahead, not only
from Spain, yes, you have to have 10,000
members, [ __ ] crazy and having to
have five thousand, already [ __ ] crazy,
order the cable n mich let's see, dotcom,
human comes out with the victory sign from
Chicago, Brian main man and thank you very much,
hey, but one thing and I, Juan, don't have
much more pedals thank you very much
wait le but you could have written
something in all these they have sent hey
listen to me and I juan doesn't have much more
because I remember a few months ago
that they juan celebrated on twitter
having reached 10,000
javi good night with all the education are you
going to let me tell you something I'll eat your
dick a hug
but if he did it with an education
that I liked and everything wore tacos and
I are going crazy bieber yes but I do
n't know 10,000 subscribers guys
huawei 10,000 subscribers wow
no thanks subscribers 10,000
subscribers is a [ __ ] they are [ __ ] crazy it's that
already 5,000
is [ __ ] crazy and I juan 49 thousand
viewers
yes but how many subscribers does he have right
now much more than him collide or I
would bet that they go if they don't have
15 thousand it is close or even more
having 10,000 subscribers he has a lot of
art and giovan has a lot of art things
as they are I criticized him many times
novelty and hypocrite I'm not a hypocrite
many times no but I criticized him for
things that I've seen but that kid
makes me laugh a lot there are videos that I've
seen more absurd I don't know
many thanks but imagine like everyone
else but the truth is that he is funny
the funny one has a lot of artistry and despite
the things that I don't agree with
him
the guy knows how to entertain people he
entertains and loves himself and he's going to have 16
thousand subscribers since having
more subscribers than the blond guy damn it's that it's a it's that you
know what happens that
I think that the blond one is not because
because look at the blond one has
a lot more Bieber
more viewers than him it clashes but I
imagine myself and many the welcomes
that people when it comes to making a
contribution knowing that some are millionaires and
the other one is not yet, well they do it so
that it is more necessary I understand it's not
worth it it's crazy and for me it's something that you
obviously have to be
proud of but yesterday I knew the opposite the
only thing that was a little bit crazy here was his
attitude his so many  subscriptions is
because you must be doing something not
well you must be doing something
[ __ ] great
but the guy was being very involved
so I'm going to read you okay it
suddenly says I see that I have a message and it says
what are you basing your defense on to the
socas how do you comment a defense of a
guy who [ __ ] the subscriber's mother
who donates 5 bis to him just because of the
cattle while I was explaining something about
a [ __ ] game how do you defend such
shitty people if I weren't
exposed to the sale of fanaticism I
say hello sergio good morning to you
too I'll explain I'm a fan not a
fanatic well things are bad and sometimes it gets too much I
already said it simply
seemed to me that the arguments given in a
certain video were too truthful I
thought that this guy was
writing to me because he had seen that I
had reacted to the video of the hub and
oliveira this one who thinks they are blaming me for
everything guy thinks that everything
revolves around me
and now it will be the video and you got involved it will not
happen it is
known that so many insults are not
justified thank you very much thank you very much of
course you know but come on the stable ones  the
be softening
had you removed the ability to rewind the
live
yes totally android no I don't like that I
mean the members can rewatch
the full live streams you know but no no you don't
take it you arrive it's already closing the
live stream it leaves it open it doesn't rewind
back that's not how it is you can't do the live stream the
same as the tweet the one that is in
live streams so direct that's why they are called live streams I
think it has its logic okay apart
from many other reasons and so on but they do
n't know that I had it activated like lee
thank you very much
without further ado it seemed to me that the arguments
were not truthful that's all they put me off okay it's that the
arguments from that day
I never thank you very much let's see is that the
first thing I would have done
receiving these types of messages okay
because people also get involved is the
fact that I am here in a live stream and
this is one thing that I want you to
always apply to all the topics that
we talk about here live okay the fact
that I here live commented and said
hey
from the humor because in the end I also didn't
send it to con you know the unab and the other
time I told him
listen to me there is no  nothing no
problem but the fact that I'm here
commenting hey well it doesn't fit but as
the fanatic knows this and that
you don't have to go to the
goal string you know the aal string you don't forgive
the ale mdd with knows the your
social networks to tell you these things and less
in this way because even if you
say it in another way well look but it's that
in less than this way please
man learn a little to
behave ourselves it is that he is the most
incoherent it is the most incoherent thing in
life that you go to a girl to blame her for defending
that defends
justify or whatever the ways of
others and you go with a bad manner of
person shame
if you have to be here and
enjoy the live enjoy
enjoy the good I understand that I don't know
the people of the youth you are from the
people it is that the collision is being
talked about too much on too many
channels I don't know if he was the first to
comment on it but it is true that there
were many channels that have spoken and
there have complained about his attitude there are
some who get along well with them  They
have commented on it a little gently
okay but god it's that when people get
carried away and cross what the
content is dude that I have to come
here and as the one who puts the TV I see
something I will comment on it until later we give him
the arguments so that he does not deserve it if you
want I will explain my case and see if you
think it is true because the [ __ ]
has me blocked and I can't tell him the
two or three little things that I want to
put him in the place that he deserves to that
stinking human rat or in other words to me one
day I came like that don't
come and it's that if he is complaining more
about the insults of one doing the same
and it's how you are criticizing the socas for
being by grace to him and thank you very much for
putting yourself in your place and you only
do in sung without more yes yes there he is
right with he knows it we
agree he knows it the only thing I know is that it does
not seem right to me he insults his
audience because they donate to him they subscribe it
seems to me a lack of respect to those
people who on top of  he's
giving him money
you know what's going on he put this on me and it's
feeling action because as you may have
noticed it stays put
because it could be that he's with
potential direct ones without thanking you for
subscribing your shitty channel it's
not the same like that it's the same it's the
same it's the same guy the same guy this one has
also written to me I think this one
has also written to me he said
something like that since he
crashed he exposed it there on his
instagram account that a lot of people came to him en masse
through md to insult him that he had to
put the account change its name it won't be
moved death panda thank you very much it
's the same guy ibex first
email and he exposed me publicly in front
of 10,000 people I received
threatening messages of all kinds because the [ __ ] socas decided to
take everything out of context so that he can
riddle me without a man I don't see it very
taken out of context it doesn't dry bonomi his
dead repeated alive and that now he
wants to argue mother without having thrown him
and he only insults him
until the ace do thank you very much if you
have contact with him tell him from me that it is
that  he's been reported not only did he
make a mistake but it's a crime and
before it's over my [ __ ] mother should
be careful because I'm not some
15 year old kid who watches their videos that I'm
not in front of me and it's sure that
the [ __ ] monkey of the middle of
fear has come over me or something okay he's supposed to
report it let's imagine that it's true
I think that I think I could
report them I think I could
report them for putting it there I'm not a
lawyer or see or anything but I think that
some kind of something there is okay but what
happens is that he says tell chocas that he's been
reported that I'm going to report him and
now he goes and says if I have him in front of me you can
see his pants so these are
ways of announcing one of not a lawsuit let's
see how you justify what he did
to me without me breaking the
bank before and I said listen to me first
I'm not the complaint box of the socas
nor his secretary it
puts me I don't give a [ __ ] in his cash I'm
telling you so that you keep in mind that your
idol is a piece of son of a
[ __ ] and a piece of [ __ ]  I finished, I say to him, well, it
's your opinion, zero problems with that, he
puts it to me if you jump on me with the mailbox and he wants
his secretary, it's that you can
defend that little without anyone having
asked you that this is the thing, you know the
shot, without more, the guy also, I don't know,
really, it was to convert his vision of the
[ __ ] irony until you focus, I put it, I don't
or he simply sees you with an attitude that is
too aggressive and since the new dance
with me I go up, look, it's when you
can't defend something, it's that if the
girl doesn't leave because she talks to you
with that way
that they are sending me and they go
the cable or what they
are sending me and I
[Laughter] they have
given me a cable but what
Chavez,
hahaha
ah do
n't you see now that he has put
cables so that cables can be bought
in my cavalry
[Laughter]
he thanked himself, thank you very much,
go, go,
the guys, I got in great tomorrow so
that you know how to listen to me, you have to
remember that we are, we are
starting our store in my kids'
quarters, dotcom, okay,
by the way, and mante, I have to stop by so you can talk
to a guy who is going to publish
a comic strip  Okay, it's about drawings,
okay, kids, okay, what we'll have to
talk about is various, you get them and so on,
no, but
where can I put the cable? People can't buy
cable in case they need a cable,
just like me, well, remember that
Oliveira's code has 25% of
ports and of course, Los Avellanos is
better than me, no, well, yes, yes, yes,
yes, have a
discount code, okay,
Oliveira, me, kids, dotcom, not
today, among the big ones
[Music]
but if we start tomorrow, today, no, well, I'll continue, it turns me on,
help me, the lake, the [ __ ]
clown, my dead are running out, he says that he's
gone, I don't know who there are
people like you who applaud him,
well, it's something to look into the eyes, that we
already have one and I can refute this, it
's simply Saturday and it's my day off,
okay, guys, and insulting, you're almost going to be
more right, it turns me on so much to applaud and
praise Options just because I have a
handful of followers, whoever puts themselves in my
shoes, I just say to that, yeah, it's like, I mean, let's
see, let's see, you provoke me, you provoke me, you
respond, he responds to you and you cry, I just do
n't understand  I really don't
understand or the hand I
don't really understand man what
provokes you answer him but sometimes like this
in private that I don't justify what
the tea puts on him the guy in my profession
in private that I always say dude if
you're going to mess with someone doing the
consequences period he
puts me and try in the account and I already realize that it was that it
was him
Sergio this and I told him tough being that you
told him no violence is the sus
etcetera no and he puts me on
me and many not even that I was
the a book or I mean you know there was the typical
[ __ ] btt who was always teasing and
on top of that the teacher told him to caler he
started but that this is also he was
doing this it's also being it's not only
me who are punished they also you know it
's the typical boy or girl who was like
counterpoint to boca you know what I
mean well it reminds me of those then I
was getting really angry write
listen as it is as it is like uncle who
is like a handsome finished left well I am
explained don't cry you don't have I mean it can't
be that you go that you go  from
frank saying is look what he's
done to me I don't know how many with two bristling you will
give yourself what is written here and not even a
good city that entails that
arrogance they direct without appearing
who forgives if it is written
I have not told them plan of waves look the
truth I would like to tell you that you go
a little such I don't know what percent to the
reason in the world he is
absolutely right on this occasion it is
perfect that the socas put themselves as they have put themselves it would
seem excessive to me but if you
go to agro and he answers you agro don't
cry don't cry anymore arnoldo thank you very much laugh
nights trunk don't cry it
really makes me very angry it makes me I tell him yes that
way I catch you
first and I say dude if you're going to see and
on top of that it's not hate it's that on top of that he's going to
ask this girl for explanations of what he has
done he chocas you
are going to justify him too and ccoo but he
blamed you for what
the other does
but first tell him how to do his
job and on top of that you skate and then don't
complain and he answers you above it is for
you no clearly  because the guy told him he did
n't deserve the SUVs,
of course, totally, totally, here I have
no problem or anything but I'm
telling you so you can see what he
did to me, it doesn't even give me a problem,
I skate by telling him to thank
the people who donate, sorry and then
this guy clearly skates telling him that he has to be
thankful when he's a guy who
always thanks and if you haven't
seen a live and if you haven't
seen a live of his in your life, it turns me on
and it already turns me on look my love it's like it does
n't fit, you see, it doesn't fit no but yes,
look more honey that skates falqué [ __ ]
on my [ __ ] mother that she left he called me [ __ ]
mother that he called me no, I'm not very
funny the [ __ ] is just that I
'm sorry I like him too much I tell him nothing dude yes yes he's my idol whatever you say we put him or you justify it because he's your idol friend tells me I can't tell him to be thankful because if he can [ __ ] be my mother that Abbas in my dead I
played keno then in my that I do it in
my face I don't say you're going to criticize the video
you're going to criticize the starting one
[ __ ] he answers you and you cry well
look my goodness really he tells me to
tell me or the face that you are left without an idol
an arrogant roll like telling me to
vima stuck in her box he didn't say
that you are left without an idol be
careful or the hours yes yes it will be as
easy as you want
yes he is not he is a big fan of the
crash but here you are right with
you we will see each other and I
always put it is that she should not have
entered to
respond to this guy you can
talk to him or anything will fall thank you very much
because too much what a
random guy from the internet has said about you and
great good day I begin anyway
but do you think
you think that I am here to put
up with the complaints that people may
have about other streamers are you
messing with me or do I talk enough
with the interns
so that now the calculator if it has it
right now it is going to count I enjoy it boss
how many ubs does he have 10 thousand 10 thousand and we
are going to put 10 thousand 100 for I don't know  what
contract will socas have and I don't know if he
has a special contract I do
n't know if he has a special contract
or if he has it like everyone else I think that I
suppose that he will already have a 70-30 I
want to think that if I want to think that he will
already have a 70-30
but well let's put it for three
let's put that he doesn't have half
but he also doesn't have 70 30 that he has
something they judge something in between instead of 35
x sub has 33 bucks for his
3300 dollars only in his only in his
3300 dollars and now it's very funny
all the Nobel subs are worth more all the
donations that he receives more such I tell you
that quietly socas will have been
raising for three months about
40 thousand 250 thousand bucks even of course
dollars that then the change is always
less I am no longer a program that then the
change always
god video of my life my god of my
life joy of my trip well that's why you have to take
care of the jobs more
for that very reason why why [ __ ]
because that has to be valued, it has to be valued, it has to be taken care of, let's go
a lot, we have to take care of it  a lot of guy
because you can you can stick around for a year
or two
like that and you already have enough to live quietly
humbly this time that's why you have to take
care of it you know these are dollars well
this for 085 which is well 25 thousand
it will stay the same 25 thousand euros that there are
people who don't earn it well all year long
most of it in taxes and all that but
I'm clear that from the taxes here you
can process it in half but then he
came along saying yes yes yes yes yes it's
a lot of money it's a
lot of money but that they know
that in tweets he blows it up in case he
already has his for example and over here
but yes thank you very much welcome I
think the person who is always in a
good mood the poor little place to
write the locker room with him and yes yes he
told me that it's okay how about that
yes he's staying at first he was like he was
super surprised by
our reaction like what the
[ __ ] and I told him normal normal that it is
you must have thought what an [ __ ] and he
said well me but I'm going to lie to you a
little I told him no I don't understand
perfectly and nothing I apologized to my
son that no  worry nothing's wrong
and such he said good and I don't understand
what he's talking about here you're like on
notice it costs again I told him yes yes
yes no totally totally clear
clear but dark because that's because I did
n't even realize what had happened
speed up sir that's what the sls does lega to that
she was also when playing with
selene well more and thank you very much here I
already said it the other day I mean I'm
really sorry for celine it entails that
something similar doesn't happen to her again no but
I no I wouldn't say that she's an idiot
or that I'm to blame for anything I mean you
're playing in the game you're
joking I don't know what suddenly could have
happened to you that you think to cut the
microphone that he's playing a joke whatever
I wouldn't blame him damn they're not going to be what he
was giving us and yes it's true
that a couple of people who came into
my chat to tell me that something happened to them
but since people are such trolls you know
with that of the new one coming
the wolf coming in the end they don't believe you well
since people are trolls  in the end no no no no no
no they told me I didn't believe them and that
's what happened to me and then it turns out that
something is happening to the poor thing and
there the screen that asked for forgiveness for
pri arnoldo very much thank you degree I'm
talking to the guy who is fine that
nothing is happening and how good so that you know
that he asked him for forgiveness in private
because I think that's how
things should be done he got down on himself
publicly and I asked him for forgiveness in private
because yes but according to the situation that he is
not guilty it is not going to be on
purpose it is not going to be on purpose well
listen to me the truth is from here and send a
kiss to gonza vela and in this in this
extract that we have seen today the truth is
that it seemed quite coherent to me, a big
fan of the sun to drive, a big fan, a big
fan of the crash but I think he was
right if someone approaches you
that way in the end he answers mom x it's not that there is
repudiation at the same level
that the girl answered her very
politely so
white on this occasion white